Fixed a couple of layout and detail issues in Deploy's extending for custom entities documentation. (#4407)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Umbraco-Deploy/Extending/index-v8.md

The following example shows a service connector, responsible for handling the artifact shown above and it's related entity.  There are no dependencies to consider here.  More complex examples will involve collating the dependencies and potentially handling the extraction in more than one pass to ensure updates are made in the correct order.

> An illustrative data service is provided via dependency injection.  This will be whatever is appropriate for your solution to use for CRUD operations around reading and writing of entiries.
> 
> :::note
> In Deploy 4.7, to improve performance on deploy operations, we introduced a cache. This change required the addition of new methods to interfaces, allowing the passing in of a cache parameter.  In order to introduce this without breaking changes, we created some new interfaces and base classes.
> 
> In the example below, if instead we inherited from `ServiceConnectorBase2`, which has a type parameter of `IServiceConnector2`, we  would able to implement instead `IArtifact IServiceConnector2.GetArtifact(Udi udi, IContextCache contextCache)`. This would allow the connector to read and write to the cache and remove the use of the obsolete methods.
> 
> There's no harm in what is listed below though.  It's just that the connectors won't be able to use the cache for any look-ups that are repeated in deploy operations.  The obsolete methods won't be removed until Deploy 11.  In that version we plan to return back to the original interface and class names and introduce the new method overloads (which will be a documented breaking change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An illustrative data service is provided via dependency injection.  This will be whatever is appropriate for your solution to use for CRUD operations around reading and writing of entries.

:::note
In Deploy 4.7, to improve performance on deploy operations, we introduced a cache. This change required the addition of new methods to interfaces, allowing the passing in of a cache parameter.  In order to introduce this without breaking changes, we created some new interfaces and base classes.

In the example below, if instead, we inherited from `ServiceConnectorBase2`, which has a type parameter of `IServiceConnector2`, we would be able to implement instead `IArtifact IServiceConnector2.GetArtifact(Udi udi, IContextCache contextCache)`. This would allow the connector to read and write to the cache and remove the use of the obsolete methods.

There's no harm in what is listed below though.  It's so that the connectors won't be able to use the cache for any look-ups that are repeated in deploy operations.  The obsolete methods won't be removed until Deploy 11.  In that version, we plan to return back to the original interface and class names and introduce the new method overloads (which will be a documented breaking change).
```

Author: Have applied the spelling correction - to "entities", add the missing "be" and replaced "just" with "only" (as that's correct, but removes the work we're looking to avoid).
